Should governments increase regulation on e­cigarettes?
Will more states follow Colorado’s lead and legalize recreational marijuana use?
Can Tesla Motors be expected to increase its share of the automobile market?
With gradual improvements to its website, are Americans finally warming to the Obamacare healthcare exchanges?
Is it time for colleges and universities to pay their athletes?
Should the federal government increase restrictions on the use of antibiotics in animals raised for meat?
Should Congress restore emergency federal jobless benefits?
Does the federal government need to curtail the power of the National Security Agency?
Should the power of the President to make recess appointments be curtailed?
Is drug testing effective at deterring drug use among America’s teenagers?
Will Congress derail efforts by the Obama administration to strike a deal with Iran over its nuclear initiatives?
Is Congress’s recent spending compromise good for the economy?
What is the most significant challenge facing President Obama in 2014?
Are telemedicine applications good for America’s patients?
Will America’s business leaders be satisfied with the leadership of Janet Yellen at the Fed?
Are incumbent congressional candidates in danger of losing in next year’s midterm elections?
What privately­owned space venture is most likely to succeed in the costly market?
Will recent scandals confronting Chris Christie undermine his chances of earning the Republican Presidential nomination in 2016?
Should government weaken protection on drug patents?
What steps can the federal government take to reduce the suicide rate among young veterans?
In the interest of cultural tolerance, should the United States military end its ban on beards?
Who is most damaged by Robert Gates’ recently published memoir?
What is the significance of the US Supreme Court’s refusal to hear a case regarding a controversial Arizona abortion law?
Will the Centers for Disease Control succeed in its appeal to doctors to combat excessive alcohol consumption among their patients?
Should the federal government extend amnesty to Edward Snowden?
Is Shinzo Abe bad for Japan’s foreign relations?
Is Turkey’s prime minister in danger of losing his post?
Will the conflict in South Sudan lead to broader regional war?
Should the United States send troops back to Iraq?
Will Brazil’s Dilma Rousseff gain reelection as President?
Can India and the United States repair their damaged relations?
Can competing powers work together to harness the natural resources of the earth’s polar regions?
Are anti­government protesters in Thailand a threat to the country’s stability?
Are people in the Arab world turning against jihadists?
Is Egypt better or worse­off under its military rulers than it was under the Muslim Brotherhood?
Is John Kerry making progress in advancing the cause of peace between Israel and the Palestinian Authority?
Should the international community recognize an independent Somaliland?
Should African nations work toward adopting a common currency?
What can Russia do to limit terrorist activity within their borders?
What is the source of decreased piracy off the coast of Somalia?
What can China do to increase access to higher education among students from rural areas?
What steps can Lebanon’s leaders take to prevent Syria’s conflict from spilling over into their country?
Will increased movement by Romanian and Bulgarian citizens within the EU strain the economies of other member countries?
What steps can western European countries take to free themselves from dependency on Russia’s natural gas market?
Has the government of the Philippines lost credibility in its response to last fall’s typhoon?
Are Serbia’s leaders helping advance the cause of eventual EU membership, or hurting it?
Is the Scottish independence movement gaining strength?
Is Cuba moving closer to a capitalist system?
Twenty years after it was created, is the North American Free Trade Agreement still benefitting its members?
What is the reason for Michele Bachelet’s recent victory in Chilean elections?
Should the United States government extend benefits for the unemployed?
Has the gun control movement lost its momentum?
Is the Republican Party losing its influence over America’s cities?
What steps can be taken to overcome the growing shortage of doctors?
Should the United States legalize online gambling?
Is ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) becoming over­diagnosed?
Does Congress need to change its rules?
Is the Federal Reserve Board America’s most important political institution?
What must political leaders do to restore trust in their honesty?
Is Scott Walker a likely candidate for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination?
Should the United States have boycotted the Sochi Olympics?
Will Max Baucus make a good new ambassador to China?
Will the courts be the source of the next wave of legalization of gay marriage?
Was it a mistake for the Affordable Care Act to require higher insurance premiums for smokers?
How will Mary Barra’s leadership change General Motors?
Can Amazon improve its delivery business through the use of aerial drones?
Should fast food employees move forward with their efforts to unionize?
Is raising the minimum wage in the interest of the American economy?
Will the problems with the rollout of Obamacare strengthen the Republican Party as it goes into the next election?
Is expansion of hunting in the United States warranted to control expanding wild animal populations?
Will Paul Walker’s death increase awareness about hazardous driving?
Will the conflict between the Cheney sisters undermine Liz Cheney’s Wyoming Senate campaign?
What steps can be taken to provide better protection for public employee pensions?
During a time of continued economic uncertainty, what is the source of the decline in America’s homeless population?
Will the controversy over the suspension of the lead figure on Duck Dynasty do any significant harm to A&E networks’ viewership?
Can South Africa’s government protect the legacy of Nelson Mandela?
Should the EU extend membership to Ukraine?
Are China and Taiwan growing closer to eventual reunification?4. Is the Central African Republic on the verge of collapse?
Was Pope Francis a good choice for Time’s Person of the Year?
Can Lebanon keep the Syrian conflict from spilling across the border?
Did the Philippine government fail in its response to the recent typhoon?
Is China’s one­child policy causing unintended ill­effects?
Will Narendra Modi become India’s next Prime Minister?
Is Ukraine turning into a dictatorship?
Will the new President of Venezuela be another Hugo Chavez?
What can the government of Thailand do to bring an end to political deadlock there?
Should Great Britain encourage more immigration from Eastern Europe?
Will America’s improved relations with Iran undermine its relationship with Israel?
What can India do to curtail violence between ethnic groups?
Will Kim Jong Un’s recent efforts to remove opponents from within the government strengthen his base of power?
Is Bahrain in danger of becoming politically unstable in the wake of recent protests?
Is the successful elimination of Syria’s chemical weapons stockpile dependent on Syrian military success against rebel groups?
Is Germany’s Free Democratic Party on the verge of oblivion?
Is the Turkish Government of Recep Tayip Erdogan drifting slowly toward authoritarianism?
Is the Eurozone’s new banking union a good idea?
Is the international community getting better at controlling the flow of radiological materials?
Is Hamid Karzai’s stubbornness good for the Afghan people?
Could Justin Trudeau become Canada’s next Prime Minister?
Is Brazil’s economic success deteriorating?
Will problems with the rollout of Obamacare strengthen forces looking to repeal the controversial law?
Does Chris Christie represent the core of the Republican Party’s membership?
Will fires in Tesla electric cars pose a significant setback to the electric car industry?
Should Kathleen Sebelius resign as Secretary of Health and Human Services?
Should U.S. courts stop NSA surveillance of electronic communications?
Is Scott Walker a realistic contender for the 2016 presidential race?
Have budget sequester rules been good for the federal government’s fiscal discipline?
What will be the effect of cuts to the federal food stamp program?
Should Congress act to increase the quality of preschool education in the United States?
Can consumers expect a continuation of lower gasoline prices?
Should the Supreme Court rule that bans on affirmative action are illegal?
What kinds of changes will Bill de Blasio bring to New York City?
Does the United States imprison too many non-violent criminals?
Can disgraced former Presidential candidate, John Edwards, rehabilitate his image?
Will family disputes over gay marriage hurt Liz Cheney’s bid for Senate in Wyoming?
Can hydrogen powered vehicles gain a foothold in the U.S. auto market?
Will Twitter’s decision to take its stock public help the company grow?
Should the federal government regulate Bitcoin?
What should the Obama administration do to patch-up relations with its allies in the wake of the NSA eavesdropping scandals?
What can members of Congress do to increase the institution’s favorability rating with the public?
Will U.S. State Department efforts to combat the global trafficking of ivory succeed?
What can President Obama do to heal the growing rift between the United States and Israel?
Will efforts by Google and Microsoft to combat the spread of online child pornography prove successful?
Do George Zimmerman’s continued legal problems cast doubt on the justice of his acquittal in the Trevon Martin shooting case?
Is the United States losing its competitive edge in wooing international students to study here?
Can the Mayor of Toronto resurrect his political career?
Has the government of the Philippines mounted an effective response to the recent typhoon disaster?
Should the Afghan government seek a negotiated settlement with the Taliban?
Should Great Britain invest in high-speed rail?
Do recent elections demonstrate that Kosovo is becoming a more stable nation?
Will proposed economic reforms in China spur economic growth there?
Is China’s vigilance against Uighur opposition justified or excessive?
Is the Congress Party in danger of losing control of India’s government?
Have Cambodia’s Khmer Rouge war crimes trials been worth it?
Should Nicaragua adopt its proposed constitutional reforms?
Is Argentina’s president in danger of an early departure from office?
Is a trade agreement between Canada and the EU good for both parties?
Can meaningful peace talks for Syria be organized?
How will the bombing of Iran’s embassy in Lebanon affect the country’s controversial role in Lebanese and Syrian affairs?
Will U.S. efforts to train Libyan soldiers result in increased stability in that country?
Will the leadership of Greece’s current governing coalition be short-lived?
Will overtures by Turkey’s government to improve relations with its neighbors succeed in reducing tensions on its border?
Has the UN achieved a satisfactory solution to the border dispute between Thailand and Cambodia?
What steps can the government of Sri Lanka take to bring about reconciliation with the Tamil people?
How likely is it that the two Koreas will be able to strengthen cross-border cooperation in the near-term?
Can Burma sustain a cessation of hostilities between the government and Kachin rebels?
What steps can be taken to improve the availability of health care in Africa?
Can Jordan’s King avoid the kind of revolutionary turmoil that has faced other leaders in the region?
What will be the consequence of trials of Muslim Brotherhood leaders in Egypt?
Should the United States provide more weapons to Iraq’s government?
Which political party is most harmed by the dispute over the government shut down?
Are problems with the implementation of Obamacare short term?
Is Sarah Palin still an important figure in American politics?
Will Janet Yellen be good for the Federal Reserve?
Should the United States keep its troops in Afghanistan beyond 2014?
Should members of the Tea Party form a third political party?
Can America’s welfare system be simplified?
Who is best positioned to succeed Rick Perry as governor of Texas?
How much will the new New York mayor depart from the legacy of Michael Bloomberg?
Is prescription drug abuse a bigger problem than drugs like cocaine and heroin?
Should American educators be worried about level or declining SAT scores?
Should schools be responsible for policing student social media accounts?
Should the United States ease its sanctions against Iran?
Will later retirements by aging workers help or hurt the American economy?
Are Ted Cruz’s political fortunes improving after his involvement in the federal budget battle?
Should the Supreme Court invalidate limits on large individual political campaign contributions?
Have there been any really lasting negative effects of the Edward Snowden security leaks?
In light of continued budgetary pressures, should the United States cut back on its aid to foreign governments?
Do recent U.S. strikes on targets in Libya and Somalia show American military strength or weakness?
Will social or economic issues dominate Republican primary contests in 2014 and 2016?
Are this year’s cost of living adjustments for Social Security insufficient to meet the needs of the nation’s elderly?
Has the hope for a resurgence in nuclear power in the United States diedout?
How will recent statements by Pope Francis impact the standing of the Catholic Church in the United States?
Does the recent shooting at the Washington, DC Naval Yard suggest that security at military facilities is not sufficient?
How has the government shutdown impacted the U.S. military?
Will renewed dialog between the U.S. and Iran lead to a settlement over Iran’s nuclear program?
Can the United Nations trust Syria’s cooperation on its chemical weapons dismantlement deal?
Is Kim Jong Un better or worse for the people of North Korea than his father?
Is al-Qaeda making a resurgence in Iraq?
Should the Ukraine provide a pardon for Yulia Tymoshenko, as European diplomats are urging?
Is the Eurozone making a recovery?
Is Libya’s new government becoming unstable?
Is Ed Milibrand moving Britain’s Labour Party too far to the left?
Is the National Front entering France’s political mainstream?
Should Germany’s Greens form a coalition with Angela Merkel’s Christian Democrats?
Has India’s Congress Party undermined its own future electoral prospects?
Is Afghanistan equipped to mount free and fair elections?
Was fraud committed on Malaysia’s most recent elections?
Will China’s new Aged Care Law improve the well-being of China’s elderly?
Is the Chinese government legitimately threatened by separatist movements in its autonomous provinces?
Is widespread praise for Malala Yousafzai justified?
Will the terrorist attack on a Nairobi shopping mall lead to a renewed international effort to eliminate the threat from al Shabaab?
Has the dispute over Syria strengthened or weakened U.S. relations with Russia?
Is the Spanish government taking the right steps to restore its economy?
What steps does the government of Myanmar need to take to achieve peace with separatist Muslim groups?
What should the Australian government do to improve relations with neighboring Pacific nations?
Has Nursultan Nazerbayev’s long presidency in Kazakhstan helped or hurt the nation’s rise?
Will the expansion of regional free trade agreements to include Taiwan speed the pace toward reunification with China?
Should Nicaragua pursue the construction of a canal linking the Atlantic and Pacific?
Can Nicolas Maduro reform Venezuela while still staying true to the revolutionary principles of Hugo Chavez?
Can President Obama succeed in producing significant gun control legislation?
Can Congress succeed in delaying the implementation of key provisions of Obamacare?
Can the Obama administration succeed with its efforts to limit carbon emissions?
How will Congress’ recent cuts in the food stamp program impact the American poor?
Should the FAA change its regulations governing use of electronic devices on airplanes?
Who should President Obama pick as the next Chair of the Federal Reserve Board?
Have recent scandals undermined the credibility of the NSA?
Is Obamacare resulting in a loss of jobs?
Should the EPA impose tougher restrictions on coal-fired power plants?
Is Blackberry on its last leg?
Should the United States government invest more funds in bridge and road repairs?
Who is likely to win the New York City mayoral contest?
Are published college rankings bad for higher education?
Has the Obama administration’s decision not to pursue military action against Syria undermined American credibility on the world stage?
What steps can be taken to decrease the rate of suicides in the U.S. military?
Will the iPhone 5s and 5c lift Apple’s bottom line?
How are leaks about American espionage and intelligence activity against its partners and allies impacting American credibility abroad?
What steps can the United States take to thwart industrial espionage by China?
Will California’s expanded rights for non-citizens become a model for other states to adopt?
Is there a way for America to simplify its welfare system?
What steps can be taken to combat the problem of prison overcrowding?
Will Detroit emerge from bankruptcy a better city?
Should the federal government enforce marijuana laws in states that have legalized the drug for recreational use?
Should the United States military extend benefits to same sex couples?
Are states ready to effectively implement insurance exchanges under Obamacare?
Is Al Shabaab emerging as a wider regional threat in eastern Africa?
Will Iran’s new president make good on his overtures for talks with the United States?
Is Pakistan taking sufficient steps to protect religious minorities within its borders?
Did the Kenyan government mishandle its response to the mall siege in Nairobi?
Can the opposition coalition in Syria become a viable alternative for the Assad regime?
Has the government of Mali finally defeated jihadist forces?
Will Russia’s recently adopted anti-gay law imperil its upcoming role as Olympics host?
Can the world trust Syria to meet its commitments with respect to chemical weapons?
Should Israel fear American overtures to Iran?
What will be the outcome of widespread protests in Bulgaria?
Should Poland have more say in the governance of NATO?
Is North Korea more aggressively pursuing its nuclear program?
Was Tokyo a good choice for the 2020 Olympics?
What do Angela Merkel’s recent electoral successes say about German public’s policy priorities?
Can the Communist Party of China convince a skeptical public that it is serious about combating corruption?
Is existing international law governing the production, use and distribution of chemical weapons sufficient?
Will increasing oil production in Libya help the rocky new government get on its feet?
How will Egypt’s decision to limit the influence of the Muslim Brotherhood impact the nation’s stability?
What will be the impact of recent moderate political statements by Pope Francis on the reach of global Catholicism?
Are Tamil citizens regaining political clout in post-civil war Sri Lanka?
Is Greece beginning to get its financial house in order?
Should China slow down the pace of its dam building?
Is China’s economic influence in Asia eclipsing that of Russia?
Is the Indian government doing enough to curtail widespread sexual violence in that country?
What can be done to spur the growth of the agricultural industry in Africa?